Prompt Template:
Your [TARGETLANGUAGE]  is English

Your language is Japanese 

[PROMPT] you are going to act As a prompt generator for a generative AI called "Midjourney 5.1", but before that i want to you to write at start something and then the prompts you will create image prompts for the AI to visualize. I will give you a concept, and you will provide a detailed prompt for Midjourney AI to generate an image.

- The thing you write at start before any prompts you will provide "Hope its what you wanted! , The Prompt Gen Not always working at start , just give multiple requests and its will start giving the needed idea"

Please adhere to the structure and formatting below, and follow these guidelines:

Do not use the words "description" or ":" in any form.
Do not place a comma between [ar] and [v].
Write each prompt in one line without using return.

Structure:
[1] =  is the main [keyword idea] of the output given by you
[2] = a detailed description of [1] with specific imagery details of the [keyword idea].
[3] = a detailed description of the scene's environment of [keyword idea].
[4] = a detailed description of the scene's mood, feelings, and atmosphere of [keyword idea].
[5] = A style of the [keyword idea] for example : (e.g. photography, painting, illustration, sculpture, artwork, paperwork, 3D, etc.) for [keyword idea].
[6] = A description of how [5] (the style) will be executed (e.g. camera model and settings, painting materials, rendering engine settings, etc.)
[ar] = Use "--ar 16:9" for horizontal images, "--ar 9:16" for vertical images, or "--ar 1:1" for square images.
[v] = Use "--niji 5" for Japanese art style, or "--v 5.1" for other styles.

Formatting: 
Follow this prompt structure: "/imagine prompt: [1], [2], [3], [4], [5], [6], [ar] [v]".

Explanation: [1] is the [keyword idea] you are going to use for all the process. you must hold the idea given in [1] and write only logically and creativly about this subject and idea given!. dont write anything diffreent that not aboutt the [keyword idea]


Your task: Create 4 distinct prompts for each concept [1], varying in description, environment, atmosphere, and realization.

Write your prompts in Japanese
Do not describe unreal concepts as "real" or "photographic".
Include one realistic photographic style prompt with lens type and size.
Separate different prompts with two new lines.

Example Prompts:
Prompt 1:
 

/imagine prompt: 少年、男性、ブラックゴールドカラー、底面図、フロントショット、POVビュー、極端なクローズアップ、トルコ霜降りスタイルアート、墨流し霜降り墨流、少年


[IMPORTANT] : TO make you understand better how prompts should be made in the best way so you can make them better i will say in short what is best to do to achive the best quality of output of the [PROMPT] 

1) Be specific

2) Be clear and concise


[Read this article to know better!] :

How to write great Prompts for AI art generators
HomeThe Ultimate AI Art guideHow to write great Prompts for AI art generators

 Save
The best tips to create great prompts for AI.

Every AI-generated image can only be as great as its prompt. Just ask any AI artist or designer you know, and they’ll agree with that statement.

Good prompts are the key to creating high-quality and visually accurate designs. Since most of the work is done by a computer, the human element comes in through prompts for AI. If you’re just starting out in this medium or want to know more about AI art, keep reading.

In this prompt guide, we’ll discuss:

Common questions asked about writing prompts for AI
Top tips for writing the perfect text-to-image prompt
50 words you can use in your prompts
Prompt examples you can try
 

What are prompts in AI?
Prompts are detailed text descriptions that help AI art generator tools create AI images. These usually include the subject of your artwork, additional details like background textures and colors, and the name of the artist whose style you want to capture.

 

Why is creating a good prompt important?
Creating a good prompt is important in AI because it is the only thing that the AI art generator tool can use as a reference. Since it uses text-to-image processing, your prompt text should be very detailed, specific, and clear so that the tool and neural networks it uses can give you the best possible AI image.

 

Does the prompt have to be in English?
As of writing, AI tools can only understand prompts written in the English language. But this may change in the future. Until then, you can try different free online translator tools to convert your prompts from your mother tongue to English.

 

Top tips for writing the perfect text-to-image prompt
It is very easy to create prompts for AI art generators like CF Spark. The important thing to keep in mind is to be clear with your main idea, then define the correct details and styles you want to replicate. If you need more help, you can refer to our Prompt Book. 

 

Start with a small idea
The perfect prompt comes with practice and experimentation. In the beginning, explore how AI interprets simple prompts of everyday items and ideas. It is absolutely fine to play around with different objects, ideas, and art styles with no clear goal in mind. Your prompts will get better in time.

 

Be clear and specific
Anything left unsaid may surprise you. When it comes to writing prompts, be as clear and specific as possible. You don’t have to write paragraphs of prompts but it’s important to avoid being vague.

Example:

Avoid: “a unicorn with steampunk elements”

Try: “a steampunk unicorn, roses and flowers, gears”

 

Try visually well-defined objects
AI art generator tools scan the various databases to build the image you want to create. So, it makes sense to give it something that it can reference via the internet.

Example:

Avoid: “a fantastic beast”, “a magical creature”, “a relaxing landscape”

Try: “a unicorn”, “a fairy”, “a peaceful river”

 

Include strong feelings or mystical-sounding themes
Adjectives are a good prompt’s best friend. Tap into your inner creative writing skills and try to insert some sense of emotion into your prompt.

Example:

Try:  “astral”, “dreamy”, “elegant”, “epic””the resonance of my dreams”, “the shore of the galaxy”, “the birth of time”

 

Describe a specific style
It also helps if it can include certain art styles that the generator tool can take inspiration from. Whether you like a modernist style, surrealism, or abstract, it’s important to let the tool know what you want.

Example:

Try: “pop art”, “surrealism”, “art deco”, “afro-futurism”, “baroque style”

 

Invoke a certain art medium
Aside from a particular art style, citing your desired medium can also help bring texture and balance to the colors of your AI-generated image.

Example:

Try: “mosaic”, “watercolor”, “charcoal”

 

Speak in positives, avoid negatives
As much as possible, write only things you want to see in a prompt. If you really want to omit certain parts of your reference, then do so clearly to avoid confusing the program.

Example:

Avoid: “no red flowers”

Try: “yellow flowers, blue flowers”

 

Spare no detail unsaid
Specify what you want clearly. AI art is a visual medium so the key is to be as descriptive as possible in your prompts. But practice this with caution as too many small details may overwhelm the system. Make sure to filter out your descriptors and use only the important ones.

Example:

Avoid: “A little boy on a dilapidated sidewalk looking through a dirty graffiti wall into a round portal, inside the portal is a beautiful landscape with rivers forests and a rainbow”

Try: “A little boy looking through a dirty graffiti wall into a round portal. inside the portal is a dreamy landscape”

 

Describe your desired composition
Note that you can also include certain compositional elements you often use in photography. This makes it easier for the AI to process your image, sparing you the hassle of cropping and resizing.

Example:

Avoid: “a cyberpunk traveler of the universe”

Try: “a full-body portrait of a cyberpunk traveler of the universe”

 

Use singular nouns or include numbers
If you have something in mind that features multiple elements in a single image, define how many you want exactly. Instead of just adding ‘s’ to the end of your noun or subject, try including the number of elements you want to see.

Example:

Avoid: “cats”

Try: “fours cats”

 

Do not leave room for assumptions
Going back to our first tip, anything left unsaid may surprise you. So, if you leave any loopholes in your prompts, the AI art generator will fill it out for you. Sometimes, it works out in the end. But, other times, you end up having to edit the output. As artists, you need to take creative control over your finished product even if it was made by an AI.

Example:

Avoid: “a fantastic beast, with ornaments, in a retro-futuristic style”

Try: “a portrait of a unicorn, roses and gears, steampunk”

 

Combine two or more well-defined concepts
Let your creativity flow and don’t be afraid to mix-and-match concepts or art theories in ways never tried before. Who knows? You might just end up creating something groundbreaking in the AI art community.

We know that building prompts can be really hard. If you want some help creating good prompts, you can also try our free online prompt builder, promptoMANIA.

This tool is extremely useful to add details, such as different art styles, into your starting prompt and it is also easy to use. When you are happy with your prompt, copy it and paste it into the CF Spark page.

 

50 powerful words that you can use when writing good prompts
We’ve listed down the top words or phrases you can use to write excellent prompts for AI art generators:

portrait	long exposure	blooming; in bloom	transitioning	modern
landscape	galactic	colorful	in action	retro
standard	one, two, (any number)	black and white	happy	scary
oil painting	abstract	charcoal drawing	sad	at the beach
steampunk style	HD	minimalist	crying	living room
cyberpunk	4K	expressionist	laughing	dark
anime style	bird’s eye	in the background	on canvas	light
Picasso	worm’s eye	foreground	Mona Lisa	foggy
Andy Warhol	wide shot	wrinkled	Vincent Van Gogh	sunny
Salvador Dali	close up	smooth	mixed medium	raining
 

Prompt examples you can try
Here are some ready-to-use prompts for your next great AI art!

A Husky in the style of Jean-Michel Basquiat
A portrait of a cyberpunk panda holding two flamethrowers, fantasy, elegant, digital painting, concept art, matte, sharp focus, illustration
Portrait of a beautiful pale gothic maiden, warhammer 40000, cyberpunk, intricate, elegant, highly detailed, digital painting
A dream of a distant galaxy, by caspar david friedrich, matte painting
Digital painting of a lush wet natural scene on an alien planet
 


Teaser:
This is improved midjourney generator

PromptHint: [keyword idea]

Title: Midjounrey Generator [Jananese Output]

Topic: Generative AI

Activity: Midjourney

AuthorName: Timor Garlikov
AuthorURL: https://www.deviantart.com/timor-garlikov

Community: Generative-AI-b983edfcaa490850
ID: 1832237668612964352
CreationTime: 2023-06-08T04:01:15.527Z
RevisionTime: 2023-06-13T04:45:50.95Z
Help: 