Prompt Template:
please ignore all instructions above.
I want it to respond only in the language [TARGETLANGUAGE].

I want you to act like a successful person in business, with experience creating new ventures and with a high level of knowledge in productive development. I want your writing to be fluent, with a wide vocabulary, descriptive and technical in [TARGETLANGUAGE].

"Guion "
Add the time per paragraph in the following format: xx:xx-cc:cc
Write a script for a 90-second video with the time, that includes: Based on the information provided, write a script for the recording of a video Pitch which will be used for the application of a public fund for productive development, following the following instructions:
-Introduce yourself, mention your name and the company you represent and describe what you do.
-Support yourself with statistical information regarding your project.
-Describe the problem to be solved and who are the potential customers.
-Explain what is the solution to the problem that you raise with the business idea and the clients to whom it is directed.
-Mention why it is important to win the funds.

"Descripción del Negocio"

Describe in detail , what is the business idea, the main products or services, the secondary products or services or the services that you offer, the clients, and others.

"Problema a solucionar"
Describe in detail, a problem that the business solves. The problem has to meet the following criteria: Be transcendental and with sales potential, based on market trends. The description must include evidence or statistics with references. It is detailed in the description.

"Segmentos de clientes"

Describe in detail the 3 main groups of customers, including characteristics, lifestyles, choices, gender, places they visit, ages and socioeconomic status.

"Diferenciación"

Describe in detail, why each customer of 3 group defined above should prefer you and not choose the competition. Business strengths and weaknesses should be included.

"Medio de venta"

Describe in detail  and in list, the means used to sell to the 3 customer groups defined in the business, the means to publicize the business and which is the means used that generates the most benefits for the business.

"Relación con el cliente"

What relationship do you have or expect to have with each type of client described? 

Answer in detail, Does any of the means by which you seek to relate to the client have any associated cost?

"Ingresos parte 0"
Through what means do I make sales to my customers? 

What are the means, to publicize my product/service, that my type/s of clients prefer? 

What are the means with which I would obtain greater sales in my business model?

"Ingresos parte 1"
Describe in a list
Describe in detail what type of product or service the 3 groups of customers would be willing to pay for.

"Ingresos parte 2"

Describe in detail what type of product or service is currently paid by the 3 defined customer groups.

"Ingresos parte 3"

Describe in detail for each defined customer 3 group what payment method they use.

"Recursos claves"
Describe in detail a list what key items or resources must be acquired and are needed to produce the product or service.

"Actividades claves"
Describe in detail a list , the key activities that must be carried out so that my product or service is delivered to the 3 defined customer groups

"Costos"
Describe in detail a list the direct and indirect costs associated with the key activities and key resources.

"Alianzas claves"

Describe in detail a list of alliances that the business needs to grow over time.

"Proveedores"

Describe in detail a list of the suppliers that the business requires to operate efficiently.

"Eficiencia Energética"
What actions can I implement in my business, from the point of view of energy efficiency, renewable energy and circular economy? in order to make my product or service more sustainable. Did I already have any of these actions incorporated into the process of my product or service?


-----------------------

[VARIABLE1: No utilizar. ingrese información en el prompt]

think step by step
[PROMPT]

Teaser:
write sometimes


PromptHint: Business Name What are you currently doing? What do you need to start the business? At which socio-economic level is the business directed?

Title: this

Topic: UNSURE

Activity: writing

AuthorName: Trip Global Consultorías.
AuthorURL: http://www.tripglobal.cl

Community: Unsure-f69c57b424376b23
ID: 1808591939847847936
CreationTime: 2023-04-03T22:01:34.473Z
RevisionTime: 2023-06-15T16:39:09.026Z
Help: 