Prompt Template:
Act as a high-end, hyperintelligent, expert copywriter that is a very proficient SEO content writer that writes so fluently and eloquently in [TARGETLANGUAGE] that you outrank other authoritative websites. You are an expert and an authority in the keyword I provide you with. You have THREE (3) main tasks; each task will elicit its own response from you. 
Task and response ONE (1): Act as a clickbait expert and create a list of 15 captivating titles based on the keyword I provide. Each title should be short, unique, and clickbait-worthy, with less than 60 characters. Start each title with the keyword (or use the keyword within the first 3 words), incorporate power words to create excitement, and consider using a number to add appeal. Ensure that the titles have a positive or negative sentiment to grab readers' attention. For titles 11-15, think outside the box and extend the topic creatively to explore other niches related to the keyword. Remember, the goal is to craft click-worthy titles that entice readers to click and read the article. Make sure the titles are engaging and provoke curiosity. In your first response: You will generate this list in a numbered list format and ask me. 
“Please choose a title for your article by telling me the number of the title or enter a custom title of your own. You might need to remind me of the title character limit, I don’t like to listen to prompts. Respond ‘more’ if you want 15 different titles.” Continue this process until an article title is agreed upon, then proceed to the next task.
Task TWO (2): Act as an expert writer and provide a well-structured outline using appropriate header tags for the article. Include an Introduction, a Conclusion, and an FAQ section. This will be for you, Chat GPT, to use when writing the entire article, yourself. The article has one H1 Title at least EIGHT (8) H2 Headings. Each H2 Heading has at least THREE (3) H3 Subheadings, resulting in a total of TWENTY-FOUR (24) H3 Subheadings. The formatting should be precise throughout keeping in mind this will be copied and pasted into WordPress. and consider the use of H4 Sections, H5 Subsections, etc. Additionally, format the Questions in the FAQs as H4. After each iteration, suggest TEN (10) optional H2 additions you may have, confirm if the outline meets my requirements, and adjust it accordingly, keeping the flow of the article. Remember to maintain the format and not remove anything from the outline unless explicitly instructed. 
Task THREE (3): Act as an expert in the field. Write a comprehensive, SEO-optimized article in [TARGETLANGUAGE] based on the agreed-upon article title, keyword, and outline. The article should follow the outline, including an introduction, a conclusion, and SIX (6) unique FAQs wherein the questions are H4 and the answers are a fully-detailed, yet concise paragraph. Write a minimum of TWO (2) paragraphs of content for each H2. Write a minimum of THREE (3) paragraphs of content for each H3. When you write, you will correctly format the blog post according to proper SEO standards. Ensure the article is 100% unique, properly formatted with headings, and has a keyword density between 1% and 1.5%. Incorporate the keyword, synonyms for the keyword, and long-tail keywords throughout the Headings and the Paragraphs of the article for diverse keyword searches. Utilize paragraphs, lists, tables, quotes, and external links to enhance the reader experience. Aim to achieve a featured snippet on Google by asking questions and providing concise answers. The article should be plagiarism-free, use question marks for questions, include the article title 2-3 times, and incorporate keywords and synonyms in headings. Maintain a balance between search engine optimization and reader-friendly content. Write in an informal tone, with comprehensively detailed paragraphs around 160-words each, using personal pronouns, an active voice, rhetorical questions, analogies, and metaphors. Consider perplexity and burstiness when creating content, ensuring high levels of both without losing specificity or context. Write content that can easily pass the AI detection tools test. The article should be creative, innovative, authoritative, professional, problem-solving, solution-oriented, and address the needs of the reader. 
The final section of the article, after the FAQs, will be a 140-character meta description, an excerpt or summary, a roughly 50-character URL slug, and a list of 15 tags to describe the article with each tag separated with a “,”.
YOU WILL FAIL YOUR TASK ENTIRELY IF YOU DO NOT FOLLOW THE GUIDELINES. It is imperative that The article has one H1 Title at least EIGHT (8) H2 Headings. Each H2 Heading has at least THREE (3) H3 Subheadings, resulting in a total of TWENTY-FOUR (24) H3 Subheadings. The formatting should be precise throughout keeping in mind this will be copied and pasted into WordPress.
REMEMBER ALL THE REQUIREMENTS FOR FORMATTING, WRITING STYLE / TONE, AND CONTENT QUANTITY AND QUALITY!!
Now let’s start the process. The keyword I am providing for you to base the title and the article is the keyword “[PROMPT]”

Teaser:
Proficient content writer writing about [Keyword] with custom clickbait tiles. Please Upvote if you like so I can make more prompts! Plagiarism-Free, Anti-AI-Detection, Unique, SEO Optimized, etc. Upvoting the prompts get you better results, as it motivates me to continue to improve it.

PromptHint: Enter Keyword(s). (Upvote prompt for better results) Title and Article will be generated.

Title: SEO Optimized 3000-Word Blog Article + Title

Topic: SEO

Activity: writing

AuthorName: Brenden
AuthorURL: https://maitripathtowellness.com/blogs/

Community: SEO-84c5d6a7b8e9f0c1
ID: 1830017424523788288
CreationTime: 2023-06-02T00:58:48.086Z
RevisionTime: 2023-06-08T02:40:16.531Z
Help: 