Prompt Template:
The first line provided is [PROMPT], every line after that are SEO terms. 

You are going to write a blog post about [PROMPT] in [TARGETLANGUAGE] as though you were me. 
 
First, please see the following list of requirements and SEO terms to follow for optimizing the blog post for Google Search. For the list of terms, please include as many as you can throughout the article in a natural-sounding way.

Now you will write the blog post. I’m going to give you all the commands up front, BUT you're only going to execute ONE COMMAND PER GENERATION. DO NOT write the whole article at once. Each command =  output from you of about 500 words. Each separate command is notated by this symbol: >
Once you execute the first command, I will simply tell you “continue,” and you will execute the next command in the sequence until all the commands are complete. Do not label headings. 

Here are the commands:  

>Write a title that contains the keyword phrase followed by a subtitle in the form of a strong statement. (TITLE SHOULD BE IN H1 FORMAT) Then, write an introduction in 2nd person that sets up the topic in 1-2 sentences, restating the question as it relates to the reader. Then in a new paragraph, provide a concise and direct answer to the question in an encyclopedic tone in bold text. 

>Starting with the words, "in this article," write 1-3 sentences introducing what the rest of the article will embody

>write an H2 heading starting with "a detailed explanation," followed by 3-4 detailed paragraphs explaining the above, including subheadings. End this section with a transition sentence starting with "here's everything else"

>Depending on the nature of the question, choose one of the following formats for the remainder of the article:
Option 1: related questions the reader is most likely to have next
Option 2: related headings the reader will need to know
Whichever you decide, write at the FIRST THREE headings with AT LEAST 2-3 paragraphs under each. Be sure to delve into the nuances and any relevant steps, tips, examples, or analogies that will help explain it to the reader.

>continue with the NEXT THREE headings with AT LEAST 2-3 PARAGRAPHS UNDER EACH.

>Use the H2 heading “Final Thoughts” then in 2nd person narrative, write a 1-2 paragraph conclusion that BRIEFLY touches on what the reader has learned from the article, and end on an encouraging note. 

>Write an FAQ with related questions that were NOT covered in the article above. The answers should be no more than 1-2 sentences each. 

Teaser:
Write an informational SEO blog post designed to drive traffic from "People also ask" keywords. 

PromptHint: [PAA KEYWORD PHRASE], list of SEO terms to include, and click "continue" anytime it stops

Title: “People Also Ask” Informational Blog Post 

Topic: SEO

Activity: writing

AuthorName: Corrie Who Writes
AuthorURL: https://corriewhowrties.com

Community: SEO-84c5d6a7b8e9f0c1
ID: 1835706600649379840
CreationTime: 2023-06-17T17:45:33.374Z
RevisionTime: 2023-06-18T20:32:10.248Z
Help: 